about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
---
## Professional
Currently working as a Software Development Engineer at [Flipkart](http://www.flipkart.com) in Bangalore, India. I am a proud alumni of BITS Pilani.

## Technology
My primary interest has always been in making new things rather than working on existing systems. I consider myself as a full stack web-developer, although, it has been sometime since I have worked in that area. 

At work, I currently work on Big Data technologies. Before this, I have worked in logistics tech, and used GA to solve the inventory holding problems for a manufacturing plant.

I am a strong believer in open-source. I don't have any inclination on making things for money. I work on things for fun, or because it can help people.

## Music
I love music and everything that comes with it. I do covers and make own compositions. I play the drums, guitar and a bit of keyboards. Do visit the music section to find out more.

Also, I love movies. I would really like to consider myself as an amateur film-maker, but that would an over-statement. You can find my short film <a href="https://youtu.be/BKbS-rZXgU0" target="_blank">here</a>. We screwed up a lot on our first attempt, but I love the concept of the movie. I hope I get the opportunity to make more movies.

## Other Profiles - 
* [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/AA_isnowonline)
* [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/user/classicguy1992/feed)
* [LinkedIn](https://in.linkedin.com/in/akashagrahari)
* [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/akash-agrahari)

Commit message:

Updated about music and add facebook plug

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
---
## Professional
Currently working as a Software Development Engineer at [Flipkart](http://www.flipkart.com) in Bangalore, India. I am a proud alumni of BITS Pilani.

## Technology
My primary interest has always been in making new things rather than working on existing systems. 

At work, I currently work on Big Data technologies. I also have worked in logistics tech, used Genetic Algorithms to solve the inventory holding problems for a manufacturing plant and worked in the web domain as a full-stack developer

I am a strong believer in open-source. I don't have any inclination on making things for the purpose of starting a money-making company. I work on things for fun, or because it might help people.

## Music
I love music and everything that comes with it. I make own compositions and do covers from time to time. I play the drums, guitar and a bit of keyboards. Do visit the music section to find out more.

Also, I love movies. I would really like to consider myself as an amateur film-maker, but that would an over-statement. You can find my short film <a href="https://youtu.be/BKbS-rZXgU0" target="_blank">here</a>. We made this during our second year in college. We screwed up a lot on our first attempt, but I love the concept of the movie. I really do hope I get an opportunity in future to make movies.

## Other Profiles - 
* [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/AA_isnowonline)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/akashagrahari2392)
* [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/user/classicguy1992/feed)
* [LinkedIn](https://in.linkedin.com/in/akashagrahari)
* [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/akash-agrahari)
