music.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Music
---

## Philosophy
I do think that the bulk what you think and produce should be meaningful and should tell a story in one way or the other.

## Approach
I did try my hand at the local Bangalore Band Music scene. I have mostly been disappointed by what's going on. This is not meant to be a sweeping statement. There are good bands out there. But I can't afford to put more effort into something for which I am already seeing diminishing returns. So I have started looking for collaborations. I am asking friends, stranger; strangers in other countries to help me with my tracks. And I have got a pretty decent feedback. Hope to complete at least 3 songs by the end of this year. If you are interested in collaborating, do drop me a mail on akash.agrahari@gmail.com

## Originals - 
Currently working on three tracks as you are reading this.

## Covers - 
* Pyramid Song - Radiohead (full song)
* Purple Rain - Prince (Instrumental Cover)

All this and jams below in the Soundcloud widget

<!-- <p class="message"> -->
  <!-- I reently bought some recording equipment for my future home-studio. I always wanted to do that. You can find links to my Youtube and SoundCloud profile below and some recordings and performances. As of now you will mostly find my performances from my college. I will upload new material soon.	 -->
<!-- </p> -->
  <!-- Do give them a listen. If you like them you can <a href="https://www.youtube.com/user/classicguy1992?sub_confirmation=1" target="_blank">subscribe on Youtube</a> or <a href="https://soundcloud.com/akash-agrahari" target="_blank">follow me on SoundCloud</a>. -->


<!-- ## Youtube
 -->
<!-- <center><style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='http://www.youtube.com/embed/lapT4Eq2GlM' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div></center> -->

## Soundcloud

<center><iframe width="85%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/users/19872254&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;visual=true"></iframe></center>

Commit message:

Updated about music and add facebook plug

music.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Music
---

## Philosophy
I think that the bulk what you think and produce should be meaningful and should tell a story in one way or the other, and should strive to push the envelope of music as an art.

## Approach
I am always, and actively looking for contributions from friends and strangers alike. I am also actively looking to contribute to other people's tracks as well. If you are interested in collaborating, do drop me a mail on akash.agrahari@gmail.com, or connect with me on <a target="_blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/akashagrahari2392">Facebook</a> or <a target="_blank" href="https://twitter.com/AA_isnowonline">Twitter</a>

I like working on the base of a track on my own and then invite people to pitch in for specific parts. I perform in Bangalore from time to time, but I am not interested in a long term commitments to a band. If you are looking for a drummer or guitarist who can fill in or a solo-artist who can perform on a per gig basis, drop me a call. 

## Originals - 
Currently working on three tracks as you are reading this.

## Covers - 
* <a target="_blank" href="https://soundcloud.com/akash-agrahari/pyramid-song-cover">Pyramid Song - Radiohead (full song)</a>
* <a target="_blank" href="https://soundcloud.com/akash-agrahari/purple-rain-prince-instrument-cover">Purple Rain - Prince (Instrumental Cover)</a>

All this and jams below in the Soundcloud widget

<!-- <p class="message"> -->
  <!-- I reently bought some recording equipment for my future home-studio. I always wanted to do that. You can find links to my Youtube and SoundCloud profile below and some recordings and performances. As of now you will mostly find my performances from my college. I will upload new material soon.	 -->
<!-- </p> -->
  <!-- Do give them a listen. If you like them you can <a href="https://www.youtube.com/user/classicguy1992?sub_confirmation=1" target="_blank">subscribe on Youtube</a> or <a href="https://soundcloud.com/akash-agrahari" target="_blank">follow me on SoundCloud</a>. -->


<!-- ## Youtube
 -->
<!-- <center><style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='http://www.youtube.com/embed/lapT4Eq2GlM' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div></center> -->

## Soundcloud

<center><iframe width="85%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/users/19872254&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;visual=true"></iframe></center>
